# The Walwich Ambush

While Shirley, Nick and Strax are about to jump into a trap, Jack heads to ***Dhumnore Angels*** in search of information about the Red Patrons and the mysterious artefact. He meets Archon, a long acquaintance of Anahel, and leader of the Dhumnore Angels, a sort of business rivals of Valentine's Investigations. During the talks, Jack mentions their Walwich operation, to which Archon becomes appalled. He asks an assistant to join them in the room and orders him to dispatch all the available men to Walwich Wood immediately. Before Jack leaving and joining the squadron, Archon makes sure to mention that Jack will owe him one for this.

While at the mercenaries camp, Shirley is confronted with the same old face from previous evening. Along the mercenary, there is another individual wearing a long red robe and carrying a rod. The mercenary says to Shirley that he is surprised he was too stupid to show up, and at this point Shirley is stroke by an arrow coming from the trees. Strax and Nick, hear the roar of pain from Shirley at a distance, but when about to react, they are also hit by concealed shots. After a one sided fight, all Shirley, Strax and Nick surrender and are captured by the mercenaries. While incarcerated, Nick is able to eavesdrop a conversation between both the mercenaries that welcomed Shirley. The ringleader wishes to kill the party members and dispose of the bodies as soon as possible, while the spellcaster appears to ask for prudence, and suggests taking them to the hideout on ***Fyrn Mountains*** before deciding their fates.

A few minutes later, the sound of hooves arise all around the camp, forcing the mercenaries into disarray. Amongst the commotion, the spellcaster hits the ringleader on the back with a spell, rendering him unconscious. The Angels arrest the mercenaries and take them to Dhumnore's palace for interrogation. The party members are released and joined by Jack. The latter goes to ***Mathias***, the spellcaster, to thank him for the help. Mathias is clearly upset because his operation is ruined and appears to hold a grudge towards the Valentine's Investigations members.
Mathias has infiltrated the mercenaries group in an attempt to discover who they worked for.

Now in the palace, Jack, Archon and Nick are charged of conducting the investigations. They are led to a home with only a single mercenary, the apparent ringleader. The mercenary doesn't seem interested on collaborating with the proceedings until Archon mutters a few words and appears to cast a charming spell. From this point, the party learns that the mercenaries were hired by someone unbeknownst to them, but after some investigations of their own, they managed to narrow it down to three council members. ***Aaron Mazi***, a believed gambler responsible for the staff's payrolls, ***Marthil Yinnan***, a recent council member, responsible for guilds regulations, and lastly ***Rowan Fay***, a well-known diplomat. They also learn the mercenary is called ***Filip*** and his codename is ***Swashbuckler***.

Meanwhile, Strax and Shirley head to T4U for a drink, and afterwards decide to get the contract payment from The Merchants Union, which they do after a clumsy negotiation.

Back on Valentine's Investigations office, Jack is visited by a peer of his, bringing news that Al'gaz is willing to exchange information. Jack and Nick decide to head to Al'gaz residence to discuss the terms, but nothing comes out of it, as both Jack and Al'gaz are unwilling to compromise. Nick also gets to exchange a cryptic conversation with the lady faeduirn acquainted with Al'gaz, and is advised to stay out of it, that things can get dangerous to him and his friends.

Back to their quarters the party decides on the next plan of action. Nick decides to look for information about the artefact on the libraries, Shirley and Strax are to follow one of the council members, and Jack will attempt to contact his peers to obtain more information about the council members.

On the library, Nick finds nothing about the mysterious artefact, but he is able to extract from the resident librarian some locations and people that may be of help.

Strax starts a protest in front of the ***Council House*** while Shirley looks for strange reactions. Nothing seems to happen until a short human pulls is coat lapels up and tries to move away inconspicuously. Shirley sneaks from behind and eventually bumps on the terrified man, stealing a pair of die from his pocket in the process. Realising this could be Aaron Mazi, Shirley and Strax decide to follow him to the ***Gambler's Hut***, a tavern on the shadiest quarters of the city. Shirley goes and offers him a drink while Aaron is playing cards, but Aaron requests 5gp instead. Shirley accedes to this, adding in the beer as an extra, where he drops a pill given to him by Jack. After drinking the beer, Aaron starts acting weirdly, his speech totally incoherent. This raises some suspicions in the room, but Shirley and Strax quickly drag him outside to a dark alley. Here Shirley strips the man of all his possessions, including his clothes, finding a key, a deck of cards, a handkerchief, and his ID. Moreover, they drop him unconscious and head back to the Valentine's Investigations office.

When back together, the party decides to visit Aarons house to try the key they found. The house is located on the nobles quarters. When they are about to try the key, they realise it's not a match, however the door is unlocked. Inside, the house seems deserted and dusty, as if no one was inhabiting it anymore. After a thorough investigation, the party finds a few letters, including debt collectors, threats and blackmailing. From here it is obvious they must pay a visit to the council members offices.

When in the Council House, the party decides to pay a visit to Aaron's office first. This seems to be the place where Aaron has been spending his nights, most likely due to its safety. Here they find more letters similar to the ones found in his house. Marthil's office is near Aaron's so the party decides to move onto this next. When in the office, the party realises the office is featureless, almost as if it didn't belong to a council member. Strax identifies a familiar scent, but he can't put a finger to where he smell it previously. Jack detects some faint traces of magic in the room.

Lastly, the party heads to the second floor to check on Rowan's office. Nick cautiously checks if the door is trapped, and is dextrously able to disable a trap on the door knob. Inside the office, Nick is able to spot an additional trap on a desk drawer, which appeared to be set to burn the contents of it. The drawer has a bunch of paperwork, mostly related to Rowan's diplomat job, however a not strikes to attention. The note specifies a meeting with ***Paeris*** at 11pm of the following day in an alley leading to ***Cardinal Square***.

Before leaving the Council House, Jack leaves a note with a guard relaying this information to Anahel.

At this point, deep into the night, the party decides to give it a rest for today. The night goes uneventful except for Jack. While sound asleep, he finds himself in a ruined and stormy city, facing what looks like a massive portal. Next to the portal, the hourglass artefact floats freely as if luring him to handle it. Jack slowly approaches it and holds it on his hand, feeling this  energy tempting him to advance towards the portal. As he starts moving towards the portal, Jack wakes up sweating and panting.