# The Journey Begins

In a typical summer day, ***Nick Valentine***, ***Shirley*** and ***Strax*** are relaxing in their office located at Dhumnore's downtown, when ***Janine***, ***Nick Valentine Investigations'*** receptionist, knocks at the door to deliver two letters. One of the letters had the seal of ***The Merchants Union***, and the remainder didn't had anything written on it. After opening it, the party found the letter was sent by ***Al'gaz***, a very influential information broker and arms dealer. The party decides to meet with the merchants guild in the morning and with Alg'az mid-afternoon.

At around the same time, ***Jack Harker*** receives some visits on his humble quarters. Two heavily armoured guards ask him to accompany them for an audience with his dear friend ***Anahel***, Dhumnore's mayor. Jack, as usual, is led inconspicuously to Anahel presence, where she reveals to Jack that she received information from Tarnak's intel that the ***Red Patrons*** criminal organisation was attempting to establish contacts with Gilmoira, the city of gnomes and main source of Tarnak's gunpowder. She asks Jack to find out what are Red Patrons schemes.

At this point, Jack heads to the party's office to discuss this urgent matter, and the party decides to bring Jack along to their audiences in pursuit for all the extra information they may gather.

At the merchants guild, the party meets ***Lucio Turpin***, the president of the guild, which, after a cordial negotiation, hires them to find out who's behind the random attacks on the merchant wagons coming from Tarnak. They are to be paid 200gp if they conclude the deal. They also obtain a list of all the survivors' names and addresses.

The party, with some time to kill until Al'gaz audience, decides to speak with one of these survivors. When they knock at the merchant's door, they are welcomed by a lady. This recognises Jack and politely points to him that ***Mr. Smith*** is resting. Jack insists they are must urgently discuss some important matters with Mr. Smith, to which his wife ***Marigold*** concedes. From Mr. Smith's chat, the party finds out the attackers don't seem to have a well defined modus operandi, and don't seem interested on the cargo.

Afterwards, the party finally heads to Al'gaz's mansion at the shadier quarters of Dhumnore. Jack warns the party that Al'gaz is always accompanied with a lady, an I'ludere faeduirn such as Nick, that occasionally intrudes the visitors minds. Consistent with Pr'tor views on any chaos representation, Shirley decides to wait outside. The remaining party members venture inside and are eventually led to a dim room, with no chairs other than the one Al'gaz is sat on.

Al'gaz and Jack are well acquainted and exchange various pieces of information. They find out Al'gaz was hired to locate an artefact that resembles a stone hourglass containing a black grainy substance. Jack trades his share of the deal, 1000gp, for extra information, to find out a few mercenaries from ***The Drama Killers*** approached Al'gaz looking to buy some weaponry. During this exchange of information, the faeduirn opens a communication link with Nick to ask why he is bunching with losers. She also seems to hint she has her own interests on her partnership with Al'gaz. Al'gaz appears unaware of this exchange, and appears to have a similar reaction when she attempts to read the mind of the party members in the room.

After the audience, the party heads to the mercenaries guild to meet ***Alan***, the guild master. From him, the party finds out that it is common practice among the mercenaries to engage on unofficial contracts. The guild knows about this but turns their eyes away from this practice and asks for discretion on the subject. In exchange, Alan lets the party know that the mercenaries usually hang out in the ***T4U*** tavern when off duty.

When in the tavern, Shirley engages in an arm wrestling contest with a fellow Pr'tor fighter, to whom he and Jack lose 20gp in total. Jack manages to recover his share by betting and providing some magical assistant on a Taxiarchae mercenary that challenges and beats the Pr'tor.

Meanwhile, Strax approaches three undisturbed mercenaries that are drinking together, unaware that in truthiness they don't know each other. After engaging on a nostalgic conversation with a fellow Eipeks, Strax notices one of the human mercenaries appears to be unsettled. Shirley eventually engages on a conversation with the other human to find out that the unsettled mercenary about to leave just recently joined the guild. He decides to follow him, followed closely by Nick after being alerted by Jack. Shirley confronts the retreating mercenary, persuading him he belongs to the mercenaries guild, and is looking for a good paying job. The mercenary relaxes his grip and tells Shirley to show up next morning at ***Walwich Wood*** to find out more about the job. When the mercenary is leaving, Shirley, in a moment of misjudgement, asks for the mercenary's name, to which the answer is "We have no names". It is fairly known mercenaries adopt and address themselves via codenames. Nevertheless, the party decides the best approach is for Shirley to meet the mercenaries next morning in an attempt to join them, while Strax and Nick stay a bit behind and act as backup in case of trouble. Jack decides he will stay in town to gather more intel from his peers.

Next morning, the party puts the plan in march, but it goes awry and Shirley sees himself trapped in a dire situation. While surrendering seems the plausible option, Shirley is a Pr'tor and fighting to death is on his blood.