# Act I: Premonitions

* [The Journey Begins](#the-journey-begins)
* [The Walwich Ambush](#the-walwich-ambush)
* [Evading a Sharp-edge Knife](#evading-a-sharp-edge-knife)
* [When Plans Go Awry](#when-plans-go-awry)
* [A Criminal Amongst Us](#a-criminal-amongst-us)
* [The Wheels are Turning](#the-wheels-are-turning)

## The Journey Begins

In a typical summer day, ***Nick Valentine***, ***Shirley*** and ***Strax*** find themselves relaxing in their office located at Dhumnore's downtown, when ***Janine***, ***Valentine's Investigations'*** receptionist, knocks at the door to deliver two letters. One of the letters has the seal of ***The Merchants Union***, while the remainder doesn't have anything written on it. After opening the latter, the party finds out the letter was sent by ***Al'gaz***, a very influential information broker and arms dealer. He politely requests for an audience on his residence. The party decides to meet with the merchants guild in the morning and with Al'gaz mid-afternoon.

Around the same time, ***Jack Harker*** receives visits on his humble quarters. Two heavily armoured guards knock at his door and ask him to accompany them for an audience with his dear friend ***Anahel***, Dhumnore's mayor. Jack, as usual, is led inconspicuously to Anahel presence, where she reveals to Jack that she received information from Tarnak's intel that the ***Red Patrons*** criminal organisation was attempting to establish contacts with Gilmoira, the city of gnomes located at Fyrn Mountains and main source of Tarnak's gunpowder. She asks Jack to find out what the Red Patrons are scheming.

At this point, Jack heads to Valentine's Investigations' office to discuss this urgent matter, and the party decides to bring Jack along to their audiences in pursuit for all the extra information they can possible gather.

At the merchants guild, the party meets ***Lucio Turpin***, the president of the guild, which, after a cordial negotiation, hires them to find out who's behind the random attacks on the merchant wagons coming from Tarnak. They are to be paid 200gp if they conclude the deal. They also obtain a list of all the survivors' names and addresses.

The party, with some time to kill until Al'gaz audience, decides to speak with one of these survivors. When they knock at the merchant's door, they are welcomed by a lady. She recognises Jack and politely points to him that ***Mr. Smith*** is resting. Jack insists they must urgently discuss some important matters with Mr. Smith, to which his wife ***Marigold*** concedes. From Mr. Smith's chat, the party finds out the attackers don't seem to have a defined modus operandi, and don't seem interested on the cargo.

Afterwards, the party finally heads to Al'gaz's residence in the shadier quarters of Dhumnore. Jack warns the party that Al'gaz is always accompanied with a lady, an i'ludere faeduirn such as Nick, that occasionally intrudes the visitors minds  probing for information or lies. Consistent with Pr'tor views on any chaos portrayal, Shirley decides to wait outside. The remaining party members venture inside and are eventually led to a dim room, with no chairs other than the one Al'gaz is sitting on.

Al'gaz and Jack, two of the most influential individuals in town, are well acquainted and exchange various pieces of information. The party finds out Al'gaz was hired to locate an artefact that resembles a stone hourglass containing a black grainy substance. Al'gaz tries to hire the party, but Jack trades their share of the deal, 1000gp, for extra information, and is told that a few mercenaries from ***The Drama Killers*** approached Al'gaz looking to buy some weaponry. During this exchange of information, the faeduirn opens a communication link with Nick to ask why he is bunching with such losers. She also seems to hint she has her own interests on her partnership with Al'gaz. Al'gaz appears unaware of this exchange, and also appears to have a similar reaction when she attempts to read the mind of the party members in the room.

After the audience, the party heads to the mercenaries guild to meet ***Alan***, the guild master. From him, the party finds out that it is common practice among the mercenaries to engage on unofficial contracts. The guild knows about this but closes their eyes to this practice, and asks for discretion on the matter. In exchange, Alan lets the party know some of the mercenaries who engage on this practice, and that the mercenaries usually hang out in the ***T4U*** tavern when off duty.

When in the tavern, Shirley engages in an arm wrestling contest with a fellow Pr'tor fighter, but is bested by him. Shirley and Jack lose 20gp in total. Jack manages to recover his share by betting and providing some magical assistant to a Taxiarchae mercenary that challenges and beats the Pr'tor.

Meanwhile, Strax approaches three undisturbed mercenaries that are drinking together, unaware that in truthiness they don't know each other. After engaging on a nostalgic conversation with a fellow eipeks, Strax notices one of the human mercenaries appears to be unsettled. Shirley eventually engages on a conversation with the other human to find out that the unsettled mercenary about to leave just recently joined the guild. He decides to follow him, followed closely by Nick after being alerted to the these occurrences by Jack. Shirley confronts the retreating mercenary, persuading him he belongs to the mercenaries guild, and is looking for a good paying job. The mercenary relaxes his stance and tells Shirley to show up next morning at ***Walwich Wood*** to find out more about the job. When the mercenary is leaving, Shirley, in a moment of misjudgement, asks for the mercenary's name, to which he gets a cold and suspicious answer, "We have no names". It is fairly known mercenaries adopt and address themselves via codenames. Nevertheless, the party decides the best approach is for Shirley to meet the mercenaries next morning in an attempt to join the band, while Strax and Nick are to stay a bit behind and act as backup in case the plan goes awry. Jack decides he will stay in town to gather more intel from his peers.

Next morning, the party rolls out their plan, but it goes awry and Shirley sees himself trapped in a dire situation. While surrendering seems the plausible option, Shirley is a Pr'tor and fighting to the death is on his blood.

## The Walwich Ambush

While Shirley, Nick and Strax are about to jump into a trap, Jack heads to ***Dhumnore Angels*** in search of information about the Red Patrons and the mysterious artefact. He meets Archon, a long acquaintance of Anahel, and leader of the Dhumnore Angels, a sort of business rivals of Valentine's Investigations. During the talks, Jack mentions their Walwich operation, to which Archon becomes appalled. He asks an assistant to join them in the room and orders him to dispatch all the available men to Walwich Wood immediately. Before Jack leaving and joining the squadron, Archon makes sure to mention that Jack will owe him one for this.

While at the mercenaries camp, Shirley is confronted with the same old face from previous evening. Along the mercenary, there is another individual wearing a long red robe and carrying a rod. The mercenary says to Shirley that he is surprised he was too stupid to show up, and at this point Shirley is stroke by an arrow coming from the trees. Strax and Nick, hear the roar of pain from Shirley at a distance, but when about to react, they are also hit by concealed shots. After a one sided fight, all Shirley, Strax and Nick surrender and are captured by the mercenaries. While incarcerated, Nick is able to eavesdrop a conversation between both the mercenaries that welcomed Shirley. The ringleader wishes to kill the party members and dispose of the bodies as soon as possible, while the spellcaster appears to ask for prudence, and suggests taking them to the hideout on ***Fyrn Mountains*** before deciding their fates.

A few minutes later, the sound of hooves arise all around the camp, forcing the mercenaries into disarray. Amongst the commotion, the spellcaster hits the ringleader on the back with a spell, rendering him unconscious. The Angels arrest the mercenaries and take them to Dhumnore's palace for interrogation. The party members are released and joined by Jack. The latter goes to ***Mathias***, the spellcaster, to thank him for the help. Mathias is clearly upset because his operation is ruined and appears to hold a grudge towards the Valentine's Investigations members.
Mathias has infiltrated the mercenaries group in an attempt to discover who they worked for.

Now in the palace, Jack, Archon and Nick are charged of conducting the investigations. They are led to a home with only a single mercenary, the apparent ringleader. The mercenary doesn't seem interested on collaborating with the proceedings until Archon mutters a few words and appears to cast a charming spell. From this point, the party learns that the mercenaries were hired by someone unbeknownst to them, but after some investigations of their own, they managed to narrow it down to three council members. ***Aaron Mazi***, a believed gambler responsible for the staff's payrolls, ***Marthil Yinnan***, a recent council member, responsible for guilds regulations, and lastly ***Rowan Fay***, a well-known diplomat. They also learn the mercenary is called ***Filip*** and his codename is ***Swashbuckler***.

The party is given four documents with Anahel seals, allowing them to move unhindered on any council facilities, but still she asks for low profile.

Meanwhile, Strax and Shirley head to T4U for a drink, and afterwards decide to get the contract payment from The Merchants Union, which they do after a clumsy negotiation.

Back on Valentine's Investigations office, Jack is visited by a peer of his, bringing news that Al'gaz is willing to exchange information. Jack and Nick decide to head to Al'gaz residence to discuss the terms, but nothing comes out of it, as both Jack and Al'gaz are unwilling to compromise. Nick also gets to exchange a cryptic conversation with the lady faeduirn acquainted with Al'gaz, and is advised to stay out of it, that things can get dangerous to him and his friends.

Back to their quarters the party decides on the next plan of action. Nick decides to look for information about the artefact on the libraries, Shirley and Strax are to follow one of the council members, and Jack will attempt to contact his peers to obtain more information about the council members.

On the library, Nick finds nothing about the mysterious artefact, but he is able to extract from the resident librarian some locations and people that may be of help.

Strax starts a protest in front of the ***Council House*** while Shirley looks for strange reactions. Nothing seems to happen until a short human pulls is coat lapels up and tries to move away inconspicuously. Shirley sneaks from behind and eventually bumps on the terrified man, stealing a pair of die from his pocket in the process. Realising this could be Aaron Mazi, Shirley and Strax decide to follow him to the ***Gambler's Hut***, a tavern on the shadiest quarters of the city. Shirley goes and offers him a drink while Aaron is playing cards, but Aaron requests 5gp instead. Shirley accedes to this, adding in the beer as an extra, where he drops a pill given to him by Jack. After drinking the beer, Aaron starts acting weirdly, his speech totally incoherent. This raises some suspicions in the room, but Shirley and Strax quickly drag him outside to a dark alley. Here Shirley strips the man of all his possessions, including his clothes, finding a key, a deck of cards, a handkerchief, and his ID. Moreover, they drop him unconscious and head back to the Valentine's Investigations office.

When back together, the party decides to visit Aaron's house to try the key they found. The house is located on the nobles quarters. When they are about to try the key, they realise it's not a match, however the door is unlocked. Inside, the house seems deserted and dusty, as if no one was inhabiting it anymore. After a thorough investigation, the party finds a few letters, including debt collectors, threats and blackmailing. From here it is obvious they must pay a visit to the council members offices.

When in the Council House, the party decides to pay a visit to Aaron's office first. This seems to be the place where Aaron has been spending his nights, most likely due to its safety. Here they find more letters similar to the ones found in his house. Marthil's office is near Aaron's so the party decides to move onto this next. When in the office, the party realises the office is featureless, almost as if it didn't belong to a council member. Strax identifies a familiar scent, but he can't put a finger to where he smell it previously. Jack detects some faint traces of magic in the room.

Lastly, the party heads to the second floor to check on Rowan's office. Nick cautiously checks if the door is trapped, and is dextrously able to disable a trap on the door knob. Inside the office, Nick is able to spot an additional trap on a desk drawer, which appeared to be set to burn the contents of it. The drawer has a bunch of paperwork, mostly related to Rowan's diplomat job, however a not strikes to attention. The note specifies a meeting with ***Paeris*** at 11pm of the following day in an alley leading to ***Cardinal Square***.

Before leaving the Council House, Jack leaves a note with a guard relaying this information to Anahel.

At this point, deep into the night, the party decides to give it a rest for today. The night goes uneventful except for Jack. While sound asleep, he finds himself in a ruined and stormy city, facing what looks like a massive portal. Next to the portal, the hourglass artefact floats freely as if luring him to handle it. Jack slowly approaches it and holds it on his hand, feeling this energy tempting him to advance towards the portal. As he starts moving towards the portal, Jack wakes up sweating and panting.

##  Evading a Sharp-edge Knife

In the next morning the party decides to scout ahead the place where the meeting is planned to occur. Before the party leaves, Strax is given a letter by Janine addressed to Shirley. The letter was sent by ***Sigbrand***, an old friend from Shirley, who decides to hid the contents from his friends. Meanwhile, Jack instructs Janine to arrange a meeting with mayor Anahel at 3pm.

Strax is the first to arrive to the meeting's place. He identifies a house that would work perfectly for spying the meeting, unfortunately is met with resistance by a house's servant. Strax is falsely informed that his master, ***Mr. Fred***, is out and about in the marketplace. Half an hour later, Nick arrives to the spot and identifies a wall that could potentially allow the surveillance of the meeting place. After the lengthy investigation, the party returns to Valentine's Investigations office and is received by Janine, who informs them that Anahel wants them to be part of an audience at 4pm, and advises dressing smartly.

After dressing up, the party accompanies Jack to his lodges for him to change. While on their way, Nick, Strax and Shirley spot they are being shadowed. Shirley decides to stay behind, and attempt to catch one of the agents, but quickly realises these are no amateurs. After his failure, Shirley decides to skip the palace audience and heads back to the party's office. After some idle minutes, he hears some commotion down on the streets, and from the window he sees a convoy from Tarnak. To his shock and ire, he realises the insignia on the vehicles and infantrymen detachment is touchingly familiar, it belongs to his old acquaintance ***Zephyr Kane***.

At the palace, the remaining members of the party sit around a long table at the ceremony's hall. Strax detects a familiar scent coming from Archon, the same he identified at Marthil's office. Sitting around the table are also Marthil, Rowan, Archon, and a few other council members, with Zephyr and Anahel sitting at the top of the table.

Tarnak's Warlord Zephyr starts by enquiring Anahel about what she intends to do about ***Rudiger***'s death, given he was one of his best man. Unbeknownst to him, Shirley was disguised of Rudiger when ambushing Aaron at the Gambler's Hut together with Strax. During the whole exchange of accusations and belittling remarks, Anahel is visibly unsettled and nervous, feeling shared by most of the council members in the room, except for Marthil and Rowan which manage to remain calm. Zephyr on the other hand appears to be amused by the show. At a certain point, in an attempt to provide Anahel some time to breathe, Jack drops a goblet to the floor, shattering it in the process. Zephyr rebukes Jack, and Anahel turns silent in embarrassment. After this event, Zephyr threatens to take the matter onto his own hands if Anahel doesn't find who is actively trying to sabotage Tarnak businesses, and leaves the hall to greater relief of all present.

Afterwards, Jack and Archon discuss about all the recent occurrences, and the party finds out Aaron is missing. Archon is shown the blackmailing letters, and recognises two of the names, ***Keenor Carfiel***, and influential individual from ***Elnedor***, and ***Victus Reef***, a diplomat from ***Aebarrow***. Before leaving, Jack asks Archon for some support at the meeting later, to which Archon consents.

The party decides to analyse Rudiger's body, only to find out he was killed during a fight with at least three different opponents. They then head to the alley where Strax and Shirley left the unconscious Aaron. Shirley joins them there. While investigating the place they are ambushed by two assassins, a mage and an elemental fire serpent. At the end of the encounter, the party rises victorious, and manages to render the mage and one of the assassins unconscious. The party calls for the city watch to carry the prisoners to the palace for interrogation. While at the palace, the party gets fully restored by Anahel and her clerics. At this point, the time for the meeting approaches quickly so the party is determined to take their positions accordingly to the outlined plan.

With five minutes left to the agreed time, Strax spots a cowled lady heading to the alley, and a strong scent of perfume. A few moments later, from the top of the wall, Nick spots another person heading to the alley, joining the already present, and engaging on a conversation. Meanwhile on Cardinal Square, Shirley detects unusual activity and signals the party to abort the mission. Back on the alley, Paeris telepaths with Nick to warn him about dropping his investigation before is too late for him and his friends, at the same time she is stroke by an arrow coming from an high roof. Rowan quickly escapes the scene, with Strax chasing her. Nick spots shadows moving on the roofs, encircling him, and telepathically warns Shirley of the dire situation. Nevertheless, Nick is ambushed by two tabaxi assassins that deal an almost fatal wound on him. Desperately, Nick jumps onto the cobblestones below and runs toward Shirley and the square. Shirley, alerted by Nick, opens fire over one of the tabaxis, severely wounding her. While chasing Rowan, Strax sees two tabaxis on the roof, and Paeris becoming invisible down on the ground.

Hearing the commotion, Mathias and a few of Dhumnore Angels, joined by the city watch, approach the alley to find Nick bloodied, and seriously injured. While the city watch searches for the tabaxis, Mathias suggests returning to their headquarters and share the news with Archon. At the HQ, the party reveals that Rowan was meeting Paeris when they were ambushed by tabaxi assassins, much to Archon dismay. In return, Archon reveals to the party that these elite assassins are trained in Elnedor, and shouldn't be taken lightly.

The party calls it a day and head to their lodges. While on his way, Jack realises he is being followed, attempting to hide on a dark alley. After silent moments listening only to his own heartbeat, Jack hears a familiar voice calling him out of his hideout. Jack gets to his feet and walks out of the alley to meet Al'gaz. They both travel swiftly to Jack's lodge. Al'gaz tells Jack that a peer of his in ***Sinaht*** knows about the artefact and shared with him that there is an additional piece to it, a seal that apparently reacts to the presence of the artefact. Al'gaz suspects the holder of this seal is currently at Dhumnore looking for the artefact. Also, it appears his client is attempting on his life, and knows of the party involvement. Al'gaz advises Jack to not call attentions to themselves otherwise things may become ugly. Before leaving, Al'gaz hints to the fact that he is aware of the occurrences of the earlier meeting.

Jack finally gets to lie down on his bed and get some rest. However is night does not go uneventful, he has the same dream as last night, except that the artefact now has a blurry seal engraved on it.

## When Plans Go Awry

In the morning, Jack heads to Valentine's Investigations' office. There he writes two notes for Archon and Anahel, arranging a meeting on the afternoon, while he pours himself a cup of coffee. He instructs Janine to deliver this letters, and then the party decides to visit the marketplace to get some supplies, but only after guaranteeing that the office defences are in place. Strax visits a herbalism, which happens to be owned by an eipeks named ***Mince***. From him, Strax learns there is some unrest in ***Pizuk***, and it appears they are preparing for war. They also chatted about commander ***G'luk*** who lead ***Qaalekkian*** forces against the orcs, and Strax's father ***Vraid***. Following this nostalgic moment, Mince confesses Strax he can sell him some poisons for a discount. Strax keeps a mental note of this.

In the afternoon, the party meets Archon and Anahel at the palace, where they discuss the recent events, including the recent disappearances of Rowan Fay, and Al'gaz. Archon reveals he instructed Mathias with Rowan's disappearance investigation. The party is asked to investigate Aaron's disappearance, which they duly accept.

The party decides to pay a visit to the Gambler's Hut, in an attempt to extract information from regular customers. There, Jack sits at a table playing poker, and starts enquiring his opponents to no avail. Nick notices the other players become unsettled by Jack's questions, as if trying to avoid the uncomfortable subject. After Jack wins two hands, his opponents start suspecting he's cheating and decide to abandon the game. Strax has an awkward exchange with the bartender, which offers him a beer for no charge and to attempts to dismiss him, most likely for racial reasons. Meanwhile, Shirley spots two familiar faces, the same two individuals that left the tavern via the backdoor when Shirley and Strax were dragging drugged Aaron out. Shirley signals Jack inconspicuously, that acknowledges with a slight nod of his head. At this moment, Jack heads out of the tavern in hope that the two thugs follow, which comes to happen as expected. The party follows Jack at distance, and eventually come across the two thugs that assault the party on sight. The encounter seems well under control, until Jack decides to cast *sleep*, and rendering the whole party asleep. The bandit captain seizes the moment to escape, leaving blood tracks behind.

After regaining their wits, the party decides to track down the only survivor, eventually reaching a door at the edge of an alley. The door seems to lead to the Gambler's Hut. Nick finds the door is not trapped, and starts lock-picking. While on it, he realises the door was unlocked from the inside, and quickly reacts by kicking the door in an attempt to hit whoever unlocked the door. To the party surprise, the thugs appear to be expecting them, and a fight ensues. Nick realising the grave situation, orders the party to retreat, but Shirley refuses, and stands his ground. At some point, Shirley opts for dialog, but the thugs don't seem interested on this route of action. The situation is dire, so Jack decides to intervene, and diplomatically find his way out of this situation. He manages to delay only what seems inevitable, the party's demise. When everything appears to be lost, an explosion brings the backdoor down, and from this ensues Mathias and his squad. The thugs, surprised by the events unfolding, are easily brought down and find their end at Mathias' hands. After searching the captain's body, the party finds a note with what seems to be the address of a warehouse. Jack asks Mathias to dispatch some men to investigate it. Mathias and the party wander off then, while pondering why Rowan's disappearance led them to this place.

## A Criminal Amongst Us

Jack returns to his quarters to find the door ajar. Following a moment of thought he enters the room and verifies whoever ransacked his house is no longer present. After a careful investigation of his possessions, Jack realises nothing seems to be missing. He then decides to return to Valentine's Investigations' office. Already at the office, Jack tells Nick about the latest occurrence, and is advised to stay at the office for the night.

In the morning, the party heads to Jack's quarters to investigate this new concerning event. After a thorough investigation, Nick is unable to find any clue, and positive the job was done by professionals. While at the quarters, Strax recognises a familiar scent, an eipeks has been in the room recently, but he decides to conceal this detail from the party.

Following a frustrating investigation, the party heads to the market to buy a few supplies, and after to Dhumnore Angels to ask Archon about the findings on the warehouse. Archon explains that they arrested two ruffians found at the warehouse, apparently hired to incinerate Aaron's body. Jack mentions the rummage through his quarters, and is reassured by Archon that he will have Mathias investigating the matter.

Back at the office, the party finds it in complete chaos, and Janine wounded on the floor. She is pale and in shock, and appears to be muttering Strax's name. Momentarily, and with a lot of effort, she manages to open her eyes, but instantly faints after catching sight of Strax. Jack rushes to call for help. Strax, after spotting a trace of eipeksis scent and suspecting Janine was poisoned, advises him to call for Mince as well. Mince arrives half an hour later, and after inspecting Janine's condition, identifies an eipeksis poison. He pours an unidentified liquid down Janine's mouth, and starts applying an ointment on her chest, neck, and directly on her wound. He then instructs the party to apply the ointment each 8 hours for the next 24 hours, if Janine is to survive. Mince also mentions the poison is very strong, and no ordinary eipeks would be able to concoct such a toxin.

While Strax carries the unconscious Janine to her bedroom, Nick goes through the office defences. To his surprise, most of the traps have been forced to trigger or evaded by the assailants. He then resumes his task by setting up new traps and alert systems, including on the roof. He is also certain nothing seems to be missing from the office.

The party decides to wait for Janine to wake up to find out what happened earlier. Eventually, Janine comes to her senses, and in clear distress, shares with the party her recollection from the attack. She insists Strax was the one attacking her. We was wearing a cloak and brandishing a dagger when she noticed him detaching from the darkness. Janine seems to lighten up when Jack mentions they will be taking her to Dhumnore Angels' HQ to stay there for a while until things calm down at the office. Meanwhile, outside the bedroom, Strax disguises himself as Investigator Barkley, his alter ego.

The party leaves Janine to her slumber and heads back to the office hall, when they are intercepted by a town guard carrying a letter addressed to Nick. He opens it to find a note from Paeris arranging a meeting at Al'gaz place at 11pm of the same day. When the party arrives at Al'gaz place, Shirley and Strax hide outside while Nick and Jack sneak into the building via a trap door fount a one of the sides of the building. Jack leads Nick through the dark corridors until both get to the meeting place, where Paeris is expecting them. She again warns Nick of the dangers he is facing if the party insists on delving on the Red Patrons affair, and divulges she is an agent from ***Virmenor*** on a mission to investigate Red Patrons' influence in the region. Paeris seems particularly annoyed by the fact that Nick was careless, and foolishly led her pursuers to her. Before melting into the darkness, she tells Nick his friends are in danger. Meanwhile, Jack hears steps coming from the corridor and advises Nick to look for a hidden way out. Outside, Strax and Shirley get trapped on a powerful illusion, and almost meet their demise if not for Paeris intervention. At the end, the party manages to win the fight, before being joined by the town guards that start gathering around the mansion.

Moments later, there's a clatter of hoofs as a group of riders comes up to the party. The group is led by ***Patrik "Red Wings"***, Commander of the Royal Guard. To the party surprise, Patrik orders Strax arrested for the murdering of Mathias.

## The Wheels are Turning

Next morning the party quickly heads to the palace to convene with Strax and Anahel. When there, they immediately notice the security apparatus. They are informed that Warlord Zephyr is meeting with Anahel later today. Finally inside the palace, they are guided to the dungeons where Strax can be found on a cell of his own. The party agrees to stand for Strax during the trial, and then they take the chance to enquiry the prosecutor about the charges. The party learns Strax is being charged by the murders of Mathias, Aaron and Rudiger, after finding Aaron's lucky dice on him. The party is told there are three eye witnesses that saw Strax killing Mathias, one town guard and two drunkards. The party advises the prosecutor to pay a visit to Mince to obtain more information about the eipeks poison.
Before leaving the palace, Jack takes the chance to speak with Anahel, and returns the palace access seals. From this exchange, he learns that Mathias was Archon's sibling, and that Roway Fay has shown up, and is being temporarily held for interrogation.

From the palace the party decides to head to the crime scene, and take the chance to interrogate the witnesses. They learn that the murderer looked exactly like Strax, his face was visible while perpetrating the murder. He caught Mathias from behind and stabbed him. Mathias didn't fight back and was not assisted by none of the witnesses. The town guard chased after Strax, but lost him on a dark alley. The party find no additional clues after a clumsy inspection of the location where the body was found.

The party's next stop is Mince's shop, in an attempt to find out more about the poison. From the conversation the party learns that eipeksis poison works in similar ways to DNA, being possible to trace back the poison components to an eipeks individual, given that you possess a sample of both. Mince also confesses someone from the palace has been on his shop asking questions about the poison, Strax, the murder, and Janine.

While heading back to the office, the party sights a throng at the city's main avenue, which they eventually mingle with. Amongst the crowd, they sight a Tarnak's convoy, most likely Zephyr's. Confronted by the situation, Shirley sneaks away and hides on a dim alley. Jack and Nick notice the bizarre behaviour but say nothing.

Shirley heads to the mercenaries guild to look for skilled eipeksis thieves or assassins that may be employed by the guild. After finding out they had no one meeting his criteria, he hired the eipeks ***"Poison Dart"***, an acquaintance of Strax, to deliver a note to Zephyr at the palace. The note said:

> Should have done it yourself! C.T.

Meanwhile, Nick and Jack, as part of their future plans to depart from Dhumnore, enquiry Lucio from the Merchants Union about wagons needing escort to trade posts at neighbour cities. Lucio reassures them that the guild would be happy to hire their services as long as they keep their records clean after Strax's trial.

Nick and Jack eventually gather with Shirley, to ask Alan for help finding all eipeksis in town that look alike with Strax. Alan asks for a favour in return. Alan specifies a job that involves the artefact, but chooses not to disclose the details. He presents a contract for the party to sign and seal the agreement, a favour in exchange of finding all eipeksis in town, and dispense several men to disguise themselves as Jack at a date yet to be agreed upon. After an initial reluctancy and some tension, Nick finally agrees to sign a substitute deal in name of Valentine's Investigations.

With the escape plan on their minds, Jack decides to find an artisan to craft a replica of the artefact. With Nick and Shirley on his trail, Jack attempts a feint to deceive the party shadows. Jack turns invisible at a city park and strolls to the noble quarters, while Nick and Shirley scout for any followers. Out of sight of his companions, Jack is restrained by magic, but manages to free himself and run for his life. Hitting the cobbles as fast as he can, and mustering his wits, Jack looks for an exit, when he spots two hooded figures ahead. Losing his nerve, Jack shouts for help, and is assisted by royal guards that were passing by. The two hooded individuals evade the scene via an alley.
The royal guards escort Jack to the barracks, where he happens on Patrik. Jack asks to be escorted to Valentine's Investigations' office, request which Patrik accedes personally. Before leaving, Jack leaves a letter requesting a meeting with Rowan Fay with a royal guard to be delivered to her in hand.

After hearing Jack's recollection of the latest event, the party pays a visit to Archon. Buried in deep sorrow, Archon is extremely unpleasant to the party.
Following the unmemorable exchange, Jack heads to the palace to have a word with Anahel. He requests a secluded chamber at the palace where they can perform some tasks without being spied on. Jack tries to warn Anahel to the foul forces in play, but is received with some reservations. Given this, Jack magically shares his dream with Anahel, to her shock and disbelief. She explains that the dream whereabouts is ***Mordengard***, a city that fell to demons. A portal to the ***Abyss*** was open in the city, from where legions of demons marched over Daenor, plaguing the land and butchering every life on their way. A bloody and ferocious battle ensued between the demons and Daenor kingdoms, with the latter looming victorious.
Before returning to the office, Jack is presented with a token that allows to magically send messages to Anahel from anywhere.

Back at the office, Jack casts *detect magic* and discovers that the party's conversations are being eavesdropped. Falling back to signs, the party agrees to withdraw to a tavern to discuss their next move.

In an attempt to find more witnesses, the party hangs posters of Strax wanted for murder throughout the city. Some people show up claiming they saw Strax with the party near the local and time of Mathias death.

Later on, the party visits the theatre to contract ***Jasmine*** for the future job of disguising the men from the mercenaries guild as Jack.

Back at the office, the party receives a note from Alan, claiming that Al'gaz is currently in Dhumnore, at the noble quarters, and that their part of the contract is to capture him alive and take him to the mercenaries guild. The address is also on the note.
The party heads to the noble quarters to scout the place, but are interrupted by Paeris attempt to read their thoughts. Jack takes advantage of this to share his dream. Paeris becomes intrigued why Jack is thinking about Mordengard. Jack advises Paeris to leave this place along with Al'gaz, but she refuses, challenging the party for what is to come later on.

Meanwhile in his cell, Strax wanders aimlessly around until he perceives an owl perched on the window sill. Strax grabs a peach and offers it to the owl. The owl looks at Strax curiously, and after a few heartbeats it flies over, perches on his arm and starts feeding on the peach. Strax moves toward the only chair in the cell and sits down. In spite of that, the owl seems unperturbed by the movement and keeps a firm grip onto Strax's arm. After finishing off the peach, it flies over and lands on the wooden frame of the bed. For a few seconds, it gazes at the floor with its flaring eyes. A tiger form starts materialising at the place the owl is staring at. Strax, taken aback and bewildered, attempts to talk to the spectral tiger, however this suddenly leaps at Strax and goes through him. Strax shudders in shock, and feels an intense pain as if his veins were burning. Eventually the pain subsides, Strax manages a few breaths, and only then realises the owl is still perched on the wooden frame staring intensely at him. A few minutes go by, and the owl, showing no signs of fear, flies over and perches on Strax's shoulder with a herculean grip.
Strax and the owl remain in silence on the dark cell, brightened by the dim moonlight, waiting for the big day to come.
